{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg936\cocoartf1504\cocoasubrtf810
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Menlo-Regular;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red110\green32\blue13;\red0\green0\blue0;\red180\green0\blue98;
\red92\green38\blue153;\red77\green0\blue158;\red46\green13\blue110;\red0\green11\blue255;\red100\green56\blue32;
\red68\green137\blue147;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\csgenericrgb\c42974\c12454\c5281;\csgenericrgb\c0\c0\c0;\csgenericrgb\c70682\c0\c38264;
\csgenericrgb\c35900\c14900\c60100;\csgenericrgb\c30278\c0\c61966;\csgenericrgb\c18100\c5200\c43100;\csgenericrgb\c0\c4459\c99822;\csgenericrgb\c39100\c22000\c12500;
\csgenericrgb\c26518\c53646\c57619;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab989
\pard\tx989\pardeftab989\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs40 \cf2 \CocoaLigature0 #pragma mark - About UI\
\cf3 - (\cf4 void\cf3 )addLabelWithY:(\cf5 CGFloat\cf3 )y text:(\cf6 NSString\cf3  *)text andFontSize:(\cf5 CGFloat\cf3 )size\{\
    \cf6 UILabel\cf3  *lable = [[\cf6 UILabel\cf3  \cf7 alloc\cf3 ] \cf7 initWithFrame\cf3 :\cf7 CGRectMake\cf3 (\cf8 38\cf3  * \cf9 COEFFICIENT\cf3 , y, \cf8 91\cf3 , \cf8 21\cf3 )];\
    lable.\cf5 text\cf3  = text;\
    lable.\cf5 textAlignment\cf3  = \cf7 NSTextAlignmentLeft\cf3 ;\
    lable.\cf5 font\cf3  = [\cf6 UIFont\cf3  \cf7 systemFontOfSize\cf3 :size];\
    [\cf4 self\cf3 .\cf5 view\cf3  \cf7 addSubview\cf3 :lable];\
\}\
\
- (\cf6 UITextField\cf3  *)addTextFieldWithY:(\cf5 CGFloat\cf3 )y text:(\cf6 NSString\cf3  *)text keyboardType:(\cf5 UIKeyboardType\cf3 )type\{\
    \cf6 UITextField\cf3  *textField = [[\cf6 UITextField\cf3  \cf7 alloc\cf3 ] \cf7 initWithFrame\cf3 :\cf7 CGRectMake\cf3 (\cf8 143\cf3  * \cf9 COEFFICIENT\cf3 , y, \cf8 157\cf3 , \cf8 30\cf3 )];\
    textField.\cf5 borderStyle\cf3  = \cf7 UITextBorderStyleRoundedRect\cf3 ;\
    textField.\cf5 text\cf3  = text;\
    textField.\cf5 keyboardType\cf3  = type;\
    textField.\cf5 font\cf3  = [\cf6 UIFont\cf3  \cf7 systemFontOfSize\cf3 :\cf8 14\cf3 ];\
    textField.\cf5 clearButtonMode\cf3  = \cf7 UITextFieldViewModeWhileEditing\cf3 ;\
    [\cf4 self\cf3 .\cf5 view\cf3  \cf7 addSubview\cf3 :textField];\
    \cf4 return\cf3  textField;\
\}\
\
- (\cf4 void\cf3 )addButtonWithY:(\cf5 CGFloat\cf3 )y title:(\cf6 NSString\cf3  *)text method:(\cf4 SEL\cf3 )method\{\
    \cf6 UIButton\cf3  *button = [\cf6 UIButton\cf3  \cf7 buttonWithType\cf3 :\cf7 UIButtonTypeSystem\cf3 ];\
    button.\cf5 frame\cf3  = \cf7 CGRectMake\cf3 (\cf8 41\cf3  * \cf9 COEFFICIENT\cf3  + (\cf8 80\cf3  * \cf9 COEFFICIENT\cf3  - \cf8 80\cf3 ), y, \cf8 200\cf3 , \cf8 35\cf3 );\
    [button \cf7 setTitle\cf3 :text \cf7 forState\cf3 :\cf7 UIControlStateNormal\cf3 ];\
    button.\cf5 titleLabel\cf3 .\cf5 font\cf3  = [\cf6 UIFont\cf3  \cf7 systemFontOfSize\cf3 :\cf8 15\cf3 ];\
    [button \cf7 addTarget\cf3 :\cf4 self\cf3  \cf7 action\cf3 :method \cf7 forControlEvents\cf3 :\cf7 UIControlEventTouchUpInside\cf3 ];\
    [button \cf7 setBackgroundColor\cf3 :[\cf6 UIColor\cf3  \cf7 colorWithRed\cf3 :\cf8 242\cf3 /\cf8 255.0\cf3  \cf7 green\cf3 :\cf8 245\cf3 /\cf8 255.0\cf3  \cf7 blue\cf3 :\cf8 248\cf3 /\cf8 255.0\cf3  \cf7 alpha\cf3 :\cf8 1\cf3 ]];\
    [\cf10 _scrollView\cf3  \cf7 addSubview\cf3 :button];\
\}\
}